Post-Exploitation Enumeration
After a brief investigation, we quickly
discover that Poultry is running
McAfee Endpoint Security.
This means that if we upload and
use any malicious executables,
we’ll have to be very careful
and ensure we evade the antivirus.
We’ll begin by gathering some
basic information about the host
such as the exact build of Windows,
the hostname, local users,
network information, and
running services.
We will start by
running systeminfo.
The output of this command
gives us some great information.
First, we know that the operating system
version is Windows 7 Professional
SP1 Build 7601.
We see that there is a local
user named “poultryadmin”,
and that this computer is indeed joined
to the “sandbox.local” domain.
Next, we find that the only ipv4
address on this host is 10.5.5.20.
Since we were not able
to do a full port scan,
let’s find out what ports are
open with the netstat command.
While our earlier port scan
only checked the top 20 ports,
it still found the primary
ports of interest.
Ports 49152 and above are the Windows
default dynamic/ephemeral ports
for establishing TCP connections and
we don’t need to worry about those.
At this point, we should also check if
alex is part of any administrator groups.
It seems that the user “alex”
is just a regular domain user.
With this information stored away,
we’ll take a look at what
applications are installed.
Windows does not show very
many applications for this user
listed in the Start menu.
While this isn’t a full list,
it gives us a good idea
of what this computer is used for.
Based on the information
we have so far,
it appears that this might
be a user workstation.
Next, we can take a look at the
services to see if anything
interesting is running on this box.
We can use the wmic command
to list all the running services.
We only want basic information
for now like the name,
displayname, pathname, and startmode.
This is great information
but it's way too much
for us to review manually.
We will narrow it down to services
that are automatically started
by piping the wmic command to
findstr to look for the word “auto”.
We'll also include the /i flag to make
the search case insensitive.
The output is better, but it’s not ideal.
We can still take out services that are
started from the c:\windows folder
to get a list of non-standard services.
This can be done by piping the command
we have so far into findstr again
and using the /v flag to ignore anything
that contains the string “c:\windows”.
Now we have a more manageable list.
One of the first things that stands
out to us is the Puppet Agent
has a service path that is not quoted.
An unquoted search path could potentially
give us elevated permissions
if the service is running in the
context of a higher privileged user.
To find out what user runs this service,
we'll examine it in the Services console.
The Puppet Agent is configured
to run via “Local System”.
This is great news to us as we might
have a road to privilege escalation.
At this point, the next step is to check
if the Puppet directory is writable,
as this is a requirement for us in order
to exploit the unquoted service path.
We can see what permissions
we have by running icacls.
According to the output, we have writ
access to the C:\Puppet folder
since alex is a member
of the Users group.
Next, in order to leverage
the unquoted path,
we need to create a reverse
shell named Current.exe
that can evade the antivirus
and place it in C:\Puppet.